Character art notes:

Make your character mesh in Blender with normal character sizes.  I use 1.7ish meters.

Use https://github.com/SAM-tak/BlenderGameRig for rigging.  Default collada exporter.

In object mode:  add->armature->gamerig->unity mechanim->human meta rig
Zero out the transform in the transform panel or whatever.

Delete extra finger bones, but don't delete the heel.

Adjust the sizes of the bones to fit your mesh in edit mode.  This is best done by
using the move tool with the spherical joints.  Pulling those adjusts the overall bone.
Do one side, then select the adjusted bones and do Armature->Symmetrize to copy to the other side.

Knees must be slightly bent!

For extra bones, Add->single bone, then move where you want it.
Select the new bone, then the bone you want to be its parent, then:
Armature->Parent->Make->Keep Offset

You can Armature->Symmetrize with the new bone selected if you need another on the other side.

When it looks about right, go back to object mode:

Select the mesh, then the metarig, then Object->Parent->Armature Deform->With Auto Weights.

When the weights look right do: Object Data Properties panel->GameRig->Generate New Rig

There used to be a problem with generated rigs having a 90 degree rotation in them, but I think
I've gotten rid of that now.

Select the generated rig and do Object->Apply->Rotation just in case.

Unparent the mesh from the metarig and parent it to the generated rig.

Make sure a material is assigned, even if you don't use it.

Export the base DAE.  Select just the mesh, then in export:

Main tab:
	Selection only
	Include Armatures
	Global Orientation
		Leave Default:
			Forward	Y	Up	Z
		Check Apply
Geom tab:
	No triangulate
	Transform: Matrix
Arm tab:
	Deform bones only
Anim Tab:
	Include Animations
	Samples (would prefer curves but they just give you blank anims)
	Include all Actions
	Transform Matrix

Animating:

So you HAVE to use the hotkey to generate keys.  Everything you see on the web
will say I, but in industry standard mode this is S.  Remember this and save
yourself hours of fruitless googling.  The various key related menus do NOTHING.

Watch for keys not exporting.  Sometimes there will be a problem bone (usually
hips) that won't export so if you are leaning into a run it looks like your
character is floating backward when exported.  There seems no way to fix this
other than trash the entire anim and start over.  Hey, it's free!

Materials: (should probably do this step before rigging)

3DCoat->Import object for pixel painting:  Your base mesh DAE
	UV auto mapping
	swap Y and Z

Go to the UV tab and adjust the islands the way you want.  Then go to paint
and start painting away.  Use layers!

When finished do File->Export model:  (this will have the new UVs)
Export low-poly mesh
Swap Y and Z
Export Color

Save as FBX.  This will have to go back into blender as 3DCoat's collada is
a bit mangled.  When importing back into blender the scale is super small.
Fix it in the little transform tab.

Rotate Z 90 degrees positive to align it the usual way, then Object->Apply->
Rotation.